About this course
Upgrade your employee relations and communication skills. Get better at listening and delegation. Advance as a team!

By the numbers
Skill level: Beginner Level
Students: 3186
Languages: English
Captions: Yes
Lectures: 12
Video: 1 total hour

Description
We do it every day, but leading people can be a daunting challenge. Do you want to boost your leadership skills and strength? Do you want to become a more competent leader who is persuading his or her team to come with you?

Congratulations! Leadership skills can be learned. Whether you're leading small or large teams, there are simple but profound techniques for getting your team members on your side, your message across and the job done. This course will help you to build and upgrade your skills for your employee relations, communication, listening and delegation. It is designed for beginners and for people who already have experience in leading teams but want to exceed and become exceptional.

Leadership starts with self-leadership and is a fundamental skill in every stage of your career and life. You will learn why praising your employees and appreciating your colleagues in public is important. The leadership principles you will learn in this course also helped me on my journey to become a much more effective and efficient leader and manager.

I am Marcel Riemer, Executive Chef and Author with more than 28 years of experience in the international hospitality industry. I have cooked for countless people including presidents, top athletes and artists from all over the world. I led multinational teams of over 125 people in 11 different countries on 4 continents.

I have developed this course and I cover nine leadership principles which I have discovered in more than 28 years of international experience.



Specifically, we’ll cover…

Why you must lead by example in order to positively influence your team members

The art of listening and why we have two ears but only one mouth

How to communicate effectively and why it is the foundation of leadership

The truth about delegation and why it is important to empower your team members

The power of connecting to people to establish trust

The importance of praising your staff and showing appreciation towards their accomplishments

How to behave with emotional intelligence to lead in a professional and respectful way

Why you need to be a trainer, coach and mentor to your employees if you want that they succeed

The secret how to inspire others



Start becoming a better leader now! I am excited to see you in my course!

Marcel

What you’ll learn
How to behave with emotional intelligence to lead in a professional and respectful way
Why you must lead by example in order to positively influence your team members
The art of listening and why we have two ears but only one mouth
How to communicate effectively and why it is the foundation of leadership
The truth about delegation and why it is important to empower your team members
The power of connecting to people to establish trust
The secret how to inspire others
Are there any course requirements or prerequisites?
Basic experience in leading small/large teams
Willingness to practice and apply the learned principles
Who this course is for:
Leaders and managers of small, medium and large teams (2 - 150 people)
Anyone who seriously wants to become a better and more effective leader
Students at any age